Please write your response to the reflective ethics question here.

Question 1: Brin and Page were worried that search companies that were paid by advertisers would be inclined to modify
their ranking of results to give more favorable treatment to those advertisers. From an ethical perspective, why might
this be an issue? What approach (at a high-level) might you suggest to address this concern?

         This is an issue. Because if the companies which paid to search company is bad companies, other people maybe been
     misled by the search result and some truth will be hided.For example, one hospital with poor skills was appeared
     at the first place of ranking after paid to search. Many people will go this hospital, this hospital will make more
     money.But due to lacking of skills and experiences, many people will not get good treatment.Maybe some people will dead.
     Advertising is the big part of incoming of commercial search company. Government should make some to constraint them.
     For example,before sign contract with advertiser, search company should obey the laws, if the advertiser have any
     cheat behaviour or something against laws,search company should refuse to sign the contract. And after signed contract
     with advertisers, search company still need to monitor the advertisers.




Question 2: Bias towards advertisers is not the only potential problem with search results, however. Companies may also
 make decisions about their search engine in order to:
Prefer "friendly" companies over competitors
Offer multiple perspectives
Display "high quality" results (this is a normative term, "high quality" is subjective)
Show content that's "relevant" to the user (again, a normative term)
Provide transparency about how results are ranked
Which goals do you think are most important when developing a search engine, and why? How could you address these goals
in your Bajillion search engine?

           I think the best way is offer multiple perspectives.We can offer some choices to sort the search result.
     First, sort by recommended, this is a default sort.Second,sort by time.Third, sort by matching. Give more choices
     to users to find what they want, and so leave some space to search company to get contract from advertisers.
